Voucher and voucher codes endpoints (#500)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/vouchers.md

            "OccupiableIntervalEndUtc": { "Value": "2024-01-01T22:00:00Z" },
            "ExternalIdentifier": { "Value": "VCHR-278" }
        }
    ]
}
```

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `ClientToken` | string | required | Token identifying the client application. |
| `AccessToken` | string | required | Access token of the client application. |
| `Client` | string | required | Name and version of the client application. |
| `EnterpriseId` | string | optional | Unique identifier of the [Enterprise](enterprises.md#enterprise). Required when using a [Portfolio Access Token](../guidelines/multi-property.md), ignored otherwise. |
| `VoucherUpdates` | array of [Voucher update parameters](#vouchers-update-parameters) | required, max 1000 items | Vouchers to be added. |

#### Vouchers update parameters

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `VoucherId` | string | required | Unique identifier of the [Voucher](#voucher). |
| `Name` | [String update value](_objects.md#string-update-value), max 128 characters | optional | Internal name of the voucher \(or `null` if the name should not be updated\). |

> | `Type` | [String update value](_objects.md#string-update-value) [Type](#voucher-type), max 128 characters | optional | type of the voucher \(or `null` if the name should not be updated\). |

Author: @MikeAdamsMews I'm not sure with this one, which is `enum` but `update value`, with limited length 😅 
`[String update value](_objects.md#string-update-value) [Type](#voucher-type), max 128 characters`

Reviewer: Yes, I see the problem. My suggestion is to move `Type` into the description.

> | `Type` | [String update value](_objects.md#string-update-value) [Type](#voucher-type), max 128 characters | optional | type of the voucher \(or `null` if the name should not be updated\). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Type` | [String update value](_objects.md#string-update-value), max 128 characters | optional | [Type](#voucher-type) of the voucher \(or `null` if the type should not be updated\). |
```

> | `CompanyId` | [String update value](_objects.md#string-update-value) | optional | Unique identifier of the [Company](companies.md#company) \(or `null` should it not be updated\). Required when updating `Type`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CompanyId` | [String update value](_objects.md#string-update-value) | optional | Unique identifier of [Company](companies.md#company) \(Company or Travel Agency\) the voucher is related to. This is _required_ for [Type](#voucher-type) of `PartnerCompany` or `TravelAgency`. Use `null` if Company should not be updated. |
```

> | `AssignedRateIds` | [Array string update value](_objects.md#array-of-strings-update-value), max 5 items | optional | Unique identifiers of [Rates](rates.md#rate) \(or `null` should it not be updated\). |

Reviewer: It looks clear to me :-)

            "Name": "Weekend Voucher",
            "CreatedUtc": "2023-12-01T08:17:05Z",
            "UpdatedUtc": "2023-12-02T13:38:49Z",
            "Type": "Public"
            "ActivityState": "Active",
            "CompanyId": null,
            "TravelAgencyId": null,
            "OccupiableIntervalStartUtc": null,
            "OccupiableIntervalEndUtc": null,
            "ExternalIdentifier": null
        },
        {
            "Id": "f4a9942c-2616-4074-b1f4-4b959515e933",
            "ServiceId": "bd26d8db-86da-4f96-9efc-e5a4654a4a94",
            "Name": "Sample company voucher",
            "CreatedUtc": "2023-12-01T08:17:05Z",
            "UpdatedUtc": "2023-12-02T13:38:49Z",
            "Type": "PartnerCompany",
            "ActivityState": "Active",
            "CompanyId": "3506994b-3c0b-49ba-9f57-ac4700641440",
            "TravelAgencyId": null,
            "OccupiableIntervalStartUtc": "2023-12-31T22:00:00Z",
            "OccupiableIntervalEndUtc": "2024-01-01T22:00:00Z",
            "ExternalIdentifier": "VCHR-278"
        }
    ]
}
```

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | `Vouchers` | array of [Voucher](#voucher) | optional | Main information about voucher. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Vouchers` | array of [Voucher](#voucher) | optional | Details about the updated vouchers. |
```
